 Introduction
This project is the implementation for “VECHILE PARKING MANAGEMENT SYSTEM” is a program developed for managing details regarding number of Vehicles entering to the parking ground. The program is very helpful to find the results of the vehicles in and vehicles out easily. we can search the related vehicles in parking area. The project and implementation is developed by using c. There’s login system available for this system, the admin login into the system and use resources.
# Research
About vehicle Management System C Project:
—Add new vehicle record: In this feature, user can add a new vehicle record —Search or edit vehicle record. —List record of vehicles. —Delete vehicle records’ —Exit from the system

Cost and Features and Timeline
1.Time-saving Technology
2.Improved Efficiency by avoiding human errors
3 Reduces scope for Error
4.Data security and correct data retrieval made possible
5Cost effective and easily manageable
6.Easy access to data with correct history possible
7. Reduces the work of documentation

Defining Our System

Here in our project(vehicle management system) user can able to login and should enter details then main menu will be display .The login password would be declared default.
Now user can add new vehicle record,delete existing vehicle record, update existing records, view list existing records etc. Finally user can exit from system.

SWOT ANALYSIS
Strengths
• A primary focus on quality improvement ($ saved from quality projects) • Internal teams dedicated to research and analytics ($ spent on research) • High-quality personnel (# of staff with external recognition) • Modern equipment and a well-equipped facility (average age of medical equipment)
Weakness
• Outdated facilities and technology • Insufficient management training • Lack of funding and resources to support programs • Poor location that’s not easily accessible for staff and vehicles • High staff turnover
Opportunities:
• Collaborate with different organizations to knowledge share
• Develop programs and initiatives to drive more community outreach and engagement • Increase funding for analytics and researching, including both staff and technology
Threats:
• Economic or political insecurity • Policy and legislation changes that result in budget deficits

4 W’S AND ONE H
Who
The implementation of vehicle management system project provides the institution with different advantages that improve the service quality and efficiency. As mentioned above it is created a user can handle: vehicles details, records and management, and third-parties like drug suppliers and insurance companies.
What
The vehicle management system helps register complete vehicle information. It captures and stores the medical history, treatment required, details of their previous visits, upcoming appointments if any, reports, insurance details and more. It helps eliminate the need to get these details on every visit.
When
HMS information system helps to track and control finances, reduce leakages as well as reduce manual work and therefore there is no requirement of the higher human workforce.
Where
vehicle Management System helps the professionals out the documents, diagnosis, vehicle records, and other relevant things at a single view and therefore results in the admin to make decisions at the right time
How
The system creates an external file to store the data perminantly.This system is deployed using c programming.

High Level Requirements

ID Description Status
vehicle Activities -It includes vehicle records,vehicle information Implemented
Adminstration It includes room informtion,general adminstration Implemented
Payment Details It includes vehicle payment details,pay recipts etc future

Low level Requirements

ID Description Status
security It should secure because only authorized user or receptionist can this system Implemented
platform The system can be work on any operating system like windows or linus Implemented
Performanace The system should handles the large amount vehicles data Implemented
